All right.
Now that you've got cursor installed and you have your VSCode extensions that have been copied across
potentially from VSCode, we're going to have a look at the best way that you can set up cursor to get
the most out of this tool.
What I want you to do is I want you to navigate to the preferences inside of cursor.
So go to the settings and then you've got VSCode settings which is how you can configure your VSCode
settings.
We're going to go into Cursor Settings and go to general.
Now I do recommend you upgrading to the Pro account.
You'll get a load of free features.
And they also offer a really great trial.
So give that a go.
As you can see here, if you need to do a re-import from VSCode, you can do that.
Now this is really important.
This section where you've got the rules for AI.
These are the rules that cursor is going to follow as it runs any of its different types of auto completions
predictions, or even using more advanced features like composer.
So you can obviously add the rules here.
And that will be enabled globally across all of your different cursor windows.
Additionally, you can choose to add in this hidden file, which is called a cursor rules file.
And you can see here we've done that.
And I've added in a cursor rules specifically telling it to focus on the fact that it's an expert in
Python, fast API and API scale development.
You can add on some different types of things, like different types of dependencies you want it to
use and key conventions.
And there's a great website and that's called cursor dot directory.
And you can find lots of different types of rules that people have made for different types of programming
languages and frameworks that you can include either globally inside of your cursor project in the settings,
or you can include as the cursor rules.
Personally, I'm starting to like cursor rules, and the reason why is then I can define that on a project
by project basis.
I have also got privacy mode.
I recommend turning that to disabled.
Now let's go to another section which is the models.
So here you're going to have different types of models.
And my recommendation would be to turn pretty much every single model off apart from cursor Small,
GPT 3.5, turbo 3.5, sonnet, and GPT four mini.
My suggestion is when you're coding at the moment, this current time of recording this video is to
use Claude 3.5 sonnet.
I've personally been a big fan of OpenAI, but having tried Claude 3.5 sonnet, it really is great for
coding.
After clicking on the features tab, you want to make sure that you've got several settings enabled.
For example, in the tab completion, we'll want to turn that on.
I personally don't like accepting partial edits.
I do have cursor prediction on, and that will basically move the cursor whenever you hit tab on the
screen.
So maybe there's an error halfway down your code.
If you hit tab, the cursor will move and then edit that and complete that code and change that code,
which can be really beneficial as the cursor can move all around the file in a different place to solve
issues.
Additionally, I have it on trigger in comments and I've I also turned on auto import, which allows
you to automatically add imports if you're using TypeScript or Python.
The next thing that you'll want to make sure that is turned on is composer, which allows you to do
multi file editing.
I also recommend turning on always keep composer inbound and also command p for file picker and show
suggested files.
We'll come on to code based indexing in a future video.
But for now we can leave that aside.
You can easily add custom documentation which allows you to supplement the LLM with additional knowledge,
just in case a new package has come out.
And the LLM doesn't really know about that package that well, this can be a great way for you to add
in extra information which will improve your code generation.
For example, we can click add a new doc and then you can type in a doc reference here I've just chosen
Lang Chain and you can see what will happen is it will try and find the prefix of that.
And then after we then put that in, what it will do is it will then index that Information.
Also, I'm just going to give it a unique name and then that documentation will be added in and indexed.
Additionally, there's other things you can do with your custom documentation.
So if you want to reindex the documentation, just hit the spinning arrow here.
Also, as well as that, you can also delete docs.
Now for the chat section I don't recommend turning on always search the web or fade chat stream or default
node context.
I do recommend having a narrow chat bar, auto scroll show, chat history show, suggested files, and
I don't also have the collapse input box pills for the editor.
I always choose to show that as an editor tooltip, and also I recommend passing the inline edit links,
which will automatically pass links when you pass them in with the command K.
Also do have auto select on for the terminal.
I recommend having the terminal hint on and also show terminal hover hint for the beta section.
Turn all of these on and we'll explore them in future lessons.
In the next video, you're going to learn about how you can easily download all of the course content
via GitHub.